Medidas
Medida hero mobile 480x720


Scroll To Top Then Fixed Navigation Effect With jQuery and CSS
https://codepen.io/atelierbram/pen/dMEadR

Rocket Back to top button
https://codepen.io/Askwithloud/pen/yNRPWB

Scroll to top button - Bootstrap 4 with Font Awesome 5
https://codepen.io/michalwyrwa/pen/GBaPPj

Overlapping DIVs 2
https://codepen.io/artistarj/pen/bGdzemK
https://codepen.io/mbchoa/pen/rNxMpQO
https://codepen.io/Web_Cifar/pen/dyXNVep

Overlapping chido
https://codepen.io/brianhaferkamp/pen/WBBwjg

Multiple versiones jquery
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1566595/can-i-use-multiple-versions-of-jquery-on-the-same-page

Slider gallery Lightbox
https://codepen.io/everaldodesigner/pen/PEzNEW

Responsive grid gallery
https://codepen.io/laviperchik/pen/XjgRko

Responsive Hero Image in CSS (Overlay + vw)
https://codepen.io/macbubb/pen/bOmpdm

Bootstrap Carousel Fullscreen
https://codepen.io/SitePoint/pen/ZbGwqe

Responsive Video Header with Gradient
https://codepen.io/Reklino/pen/LVZwmj

Personal Portfolio
https://codepen.io/duruyoungcr/pen/oNbXxLj

clases para ocultar bootstrap
https://www.codeply.com/go/bRlHp8MxtJ

Accessible off-canvas grid gallery
https://codepen.io/joe-watkins/pen/RPZbrW

Grid gallery lightbox with filters 
https://codepen.io/plloyd11/pen/xdKzyB

Responsive Bootstrap Columns and Rows
https://codepen.io/chris_cook/pen/qNxAXy

Cool shooth slider
https://codepen.io/HendyDesigns/pen/wvwJQmM

Social Media Icons
https://codepen.io/Marty-Development/pen/qBOgXPL

Bootstrap 4 Invoice Template
https://codepen.io/daplo/pen/xYVQPz

Floting WhatsApp Button Generator
https://codepen.io/JackTheKiller/pen/eYpoowE

material-ripple with child span
https://codepen.io/leonardo-fernandes/pen/aGLpVy

Material Design Ripple Effect
https://codepen.io/BretCameron/pen/mdPMVaW

Hide/Show Password Login Form
https://codepen.io/geoffreyrose/pen/HKDkB

Text Input with Expanding Bottom Border
https://css-tricks.com/text-input-expanding-bottom-border/

animated input border bottom
https://codepen.io/leogono/pen/EPeVgz

Bootstrap 4 input with an icon
https://www.codeply.com/go/ioPsDfyCBc

Restaurant menu with follow along highlighter
https://codepen.io/scharan/pen/mqjLrz

Restrict pass and future dates in HTML5 date input
https://codepen.io/i115inside/pen/ExWgJRm

CSS Background
https://www.tutorialrepublic.com/css-tutorial/css-background.php

The Best Looking CSS Animated Background Examples
https://www.sliderrevolution.com/resources/css-animated-background/

Particles background using Particles.js
https://codepen.io/akey96/pen/oNgeQYX

Airplanes animation
https://codepen.io/ste-vg/pen/GRooLza

Hamburger + sidemenu + Navbar
https://bootsnipp.com/snippets/bxK8W

Image hover effect grid
https://miketricking.github.io/bootstrap-image-hover/

CSS Grid Template Builder
https://codepen.io/anthonydugois/pen/RpYBmy

CSS Grid album with nice hover effect
https://codepen.io/AleksandarCizmadija/pen/vabboM

Splitting: Image Hover Gallery
https://codepen.io/shshaw/pen/RyOPzb

CSS image hover effects
https://codepen.io/nxworld/pen/ZYNOBZ?editors=1100

Logos de marcas en alta calidad
https://1000marcas.net/

OWL SLIDER
https://codepen.io/jayadul/pen/BaBwprq?editors=0110